CR description of Application Connector (#88)
kyma-project/application-connector-manager: docs/user/resources/06-30-application-connector.md

> # ApplicationConnector CustomResourceDefinition (CRD)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# ApplicationConnector
```
The way it's written in other modules' documentation.

> The applicationconnectors.operator.kyma-project.io CustomResourceDefinition (CRD) is a comprehensive specification that defines the structure and format used to manage the configuration and status of the Application Connector Module within your Kyma environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `applicationconnectors.operator.kyma-project.io` CustomResourceDefinition (CRD) is a comprehensive specification that defines the structure and format used to manage the configuration and status of the Application Connector module within your Kyma environment.
```

# Purpose

> The CRD serves as the blueprint for creating custom resources (CRs) specific to Application Connectors. These CRs encapsulate the configuration settings and real-time statuses of the Application Connector Module, providing essential insights into the module's behavior on the Kubernetes cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The CRD serves as the blueprint for creating custom resources (CRs) specific to Application Connector. These CRs encapsulate the configuration settings and real-time statuses of the Application Connector module, providing essential insights into the module's behavior on the Kubernetes cluster.
```

To get the up-to-date CRD and show the output in the `yaml` format, run this command:

```bash
kubectl get crd applicationconnectors.operator.kyma-project.io -o yaml
```

## Custom resource specification

| Path | Description | Required |
| ---- | ----------- | -------- |

> | domainName | The name of the domain that will be used by the virtual service and gateway resources. On gardener cluster this field is autopopulated. | false |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| domainName | The domain name used by the virtual service and gateway resources. On the Gardener cluster, this field is autopopulated. | false |
```

> | appConnValidator.logLevel | Determines the level of verbosity or detail for logging messages generated by the central Application Connectivity Validator; one of `debug`, `panic`, `fatal`, `error`, `warn`, `info`, `debug` | false |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| appConnValidator.logLevel | Determines the level of verbosity or detail for logging messages generated by Application Connectivity Validator; one of `debug`, `panic`, `fatal`, `error`, `warn`, `info`, `debug` | false |
```

> | appConnValidator.logLevel | Determines the level of verbosity or detail for logging messages generated by __central application connector validator__; one of `debug`, `panic`, `fatal`, `error`, `warn`, `info`, `debug` | false |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| appConnValidator.logLevel | Determines the level of verbosity or detail for logging messages generated by the central Application Connectivity Validator; one of `debug`, `panic`, `fatal`, `error`, `warn`, `info`, `debug` | false |
```
Is there a difference between `Application Connectivity Validator` and `Application Connector Validator`? If not, let's stick to one.

> | appConnValidator.logLevel | Determines the level of verbosity or detail for logging messages generated by __central application connector validator__; one of `debug`, `panic`, `fatal`, `error`, `warn`, `info`, `debug` | false |

Reviewer: Do we need the word `central` before each component? What's the difference between the central Application Connectivity Validator and the regular one?

Author: This is the remains of old architecture where each application (registered system) was handled by its own validator and gateway instances. It was replaced by central components. I agree that we can stop using 'Central' prefix but we must remain consistent across whole our documentation.

Reviewer: Ok, so let's remove it :)

> | appConnValidator.logFormat | Allows for specifying the format in which the central Application Connectivity Validator generates log messages; one of: `json`, `text`  | false |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| appConnValidator.logFormat | Allows for specifying the format in which Application Connectivity Validator generates log messages; one of: `json`, `text`  | false |
```

> | appConnValidator.logFormat | Allows to specify the format in which log messages are generated by the __central application connectivity validator__; one of: `json`, `text`  | false |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| appConnValidator.logFormat | Allows for specifying the format in which the central Application Connectivity Validator generates log messages; one of: `json`, `text`  | false |
```

> | appGateway.logLevel | Determines the level of verbosity or detail for logging messages generated by the central Application Gateway; one of `debug`, `panic`, `fatal`, `error`, `warn`, `info`, `debug` | false |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| appGateway.logLevel | Determines the level of verbosity or detail for logging messages generated by Application Gateway; one of `debug`, `panic`, `fatal`, `error`, `warn`, `info`, `debug` | false |
```

> | appGateway.logLevel | Determines the level of verbosity or detail for logging messages generated by __central application gateway__; one of `debug`, `panic`, `fatal`, `error`, `warn`, `info`, `debug` | false |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| appGateway.logLevel | Determines the level of verbosity or detail for logging messages generated by the central Application Gateway; one of `debug`, `panic`, `fatal`, `error`, `warn`, `info`, `debug` | false |
```

> | appGateway.proxyTimeout | Specifies the maximum duration for which the central Application Gateway waits for a response from an external system before timing out | false |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| appGateway.proxyTimeout | Specifies the maximum duration for which Application Gateway waits for a response from an external system before timing out | false |
```

> | appGateway.proxyTimeout | Specifies the maximum duration, for which the __central application gateway__ will wait for a response from a external system before timing out | false |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| appGateway.proxyTimeout | Specifies the maximum duration for which the central Application Gateway waits for a response from an external system before timing out | false |
```

> | appGateway.requestTimeout | Specifies the maximum duration for which the central Application Gateway waits for a response from a client request before timing out. | false |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| appGateway.requestTimeout | Specifies the maximum duration for which Application Gateway waits for a response from a client request before timing out. | false |
```

> | appGateway.requestTimeout | Specifies the maximum duration, for which the __central application gateway__ will wait for a response from a client request before timing out. | false |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| appGateway.requestTimeout | Specifies the maximum duration for which the central Application Gateway waits for a response from a client request before timing out. | false |
```
